Introduce `application/vnd.neo4j.query.v1.2` and UUID (#22)
neo4j/docs-query-api: modules/ROOT/pages/plain-json.adoc

[NOTE]
link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/values-and-types/vector/[`VECTOR`] values can only be retrieved from the database, but cannot be passed as parameters in Plain JSON.
To create vectors, use the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/values-and-types/vector/#construct-vector-values[Cypher `vector` constructor], or use the xref:typed-json.adoc[Typed JSON result format].

| UUID
| string (ISO-9834)
| [source, JSON]
----
"550e8400-e29b-41d4-a716-446655440000"
"00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
----

label:new[Introduced in 2026.07]

[NOTE]

> UUID values can only be retrieved from the database, but cannot be passed as parameters in Plain JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UUID values can only be retrieved from the database in plain JSON format. To pass them as parameters, use xref:typed-json.adoc[typed JSON].
```
